With
very beautiful
i think important
Assertiveness and you have the
make dog clearly what happens we must
really does not have to lose him
make clear announcements so that he exactly
knows what to do now and then
it only really drifted and
it will always have to be the same
actually it was the order
great but of course I believe factors
as an audience and clear everything that
sometimes probably complicated and
just different every day
So extra sausage or tea sausage or
salami actually do not matter the main thing you
did you have something in hand and it is
meat I like to work meat
so focused on the right ones
really only
Eat food in the appropriate and there must
you really take care a little
you have to do the round a bit
Get to know and see how they react
and then pack them at the right moment
to be able to do that for us too
It is certain that they feel safe
and that they stay calm